
DEERFIELD.COM DNS2GO END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

(c)2000 DEERFIELD COMMUNICATIONS INC 

ALL DNS2GO SOFTWARE IS COPYRIGHTED WITH ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 

Under the copyright laws, the DNS2Go software may not be copied, in whole or in part, without the written consent of Deerfield Communications Inc, except in the normal use of the software or to make a backup copy of the software. This exception does not allow for copies to be made for others. 

DNS2Go and Deerfield.com are trademarks of Deerfield Communications, Inc All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All other product names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective companies. Registered and unregistered trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners. Deerfield Communications, Inc warrants to Registered Users only that its software will be free from defects and faulty workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days from the date on which the Registered User downloaded the software. If a defect occurs within ninety (90) days of downloading the software, the Registered User may contact Deerfield.com to receive replacement software. This warranty to Registered Users is limited to replacement and does not encompass any other damages, including but not limited to loss of profit, and special, incidental, or other similar claims. 

The DNS2Go software is provided on "as is" basis. Except for the express warranty set forth above, Deerfield Communications Inc makes no other warranties, either express or implied, regarding the software's quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. Deerfield Communications Inc does not warrant that its software or service will meet your requirements or that the operation of the service will be uninterrupted or error free. Deerfield Communications Inc is not responsible for any problems or damage caused by either the software or the service that may result from using the software or the service; whether by a Registered User or unregistered user. The user of the DNS2Go software or services agrees to hold Deerfield Communications Inc and/or any persons associated with the creation, sales, marketing, or support of its software or service harmless for any problems arising from the sales, marketing, support or use of the software or service. 

Deerfield Communications Inc exercises no control over the content or legality of information passing through our systems. Deerfield Communications Inc retains the right to discontinue services to any user that we, at our sole discretion, deem to be using our services in violation of ethical conduct codes of the Internet. This includes Unsolicited e-mail or SPAM, as well as hosting Warez or FTP sites with illegally Pirated Software or illegal content. 
Deerfield Communications Inc offers these services as another option to your ISP's Services. These services may conflict with your providers TOS (Terms Of Service) agreement, and you should check with your ISP or Internet provider before doing anything that may violate your agreement with them.




