F-PROT Antivirus Limited Site License

Frisk Software International (FSI) grants the Licensee a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable license to use the F-Prot Antivirus for Linux software 
package upon per server purchase of (F-Prot Antivirus), effective from 
date of purchase. This License applies to the anti-virus software 
F-Prot Linux for Small Business (known as the command line version) 
and F-Prot Linux for Enterprise Business (known as the daemon version).  
All rights not specifically granted here are reserved by FSI.

F-Prot Antivirus for Linux or parts of it may be installed on one Linux 
server per license agreement by Licensee. Additionally, as many copies 
may be made for backup purposes as necessary. 

The license is effective until terminated, unless otherwise specified.  
Licensee may terminate it at any time by sending a written notice or 
email to FSI and destroying all copies of the software in use by  
Licensee. FSI may terminate the license if Licensee fails to pay 
required license fees.

License shall be without charge for personal users of F-Prot Linux for 
Small Business, when used on personal workstations.


LIMITED WARRANTY

FSI warrants that it is the copyright owner of the software included 
in the F-Prot Antivirus package and it has the unqualified right to 
make said software available to licensee and to grant this license.

FSI further warrants that software included in the F-Prot Antivirus 
software package does not and will not infringe any copyright, trade 
secret or other intellectual property rights of a third party, and that 
to the best of FSI's knowledge said software does not infringe any 
patent right of a third party.

FSI warrants that any physical copy of the software it provides to the 
Licensee, be it on CD-ROM disk or diskette, should be free of physical 
defects.  Any defective copies will be replaced by FSI at no cost to 
Licensee.

FSI makes no express or implied warranties regarding the performance 
of software included in the F-Prot Antivirus software package, but 
will (at no charge to Licensee) use its best efforts to promptly 
correct any errors in said software that are reported by Licensee.

Should Licensee discover a new virus, unknown to FSI and send it to 
FSI, an updated version of the F-Prot Antivirus software will be 
sent to Licensee at the earliest possible date.

Disputes arising in and out of the inception, application or 
interpretation of this license and the legal circumstances deriving 
therefrom shall be ultimately settled under the Rules of Conciliation 
and Arbitration of the International Chambers of Commerce by one or 
more arbitrators designed according to said rules.  The proceedings 
shall be held in English.
