Table Of Contents
-----------------

1. MUPAD FOR UNIX 
   END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

2. MUPAD FOR UNIX 
   END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
   FOR MEMBERS OF NON-PROFIT EDUCATIONAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTIONS




1. MUPAD FOR UNIX
   END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
   --------------------------

Part I applies if you have not purchased a license to the accompanying
software (the "Software"). Part II applies if you have purchased a 
license to the Software. Part III applies to all license grants. 
If you wish to purchase a license, contact SciFace Software GmbH & Co. KG
("SciFace") at Technologiepark 11, D-33100 Paderborn, Germany or send an 
email to info@sciface.com or use the online service www.sciface.com.

Special licenses for members of non-profit educational and scientific
institutions are available. Please read the file LicEdu.txt.


PART I - Trial License
----------------------

SciFace grants you a non-exclusive single-user license to use the Software
free of charge if your use of the Software is for the purpose of evaluating
the Software. The evaluation period is limited to 30 days. You may use the 
Software in the manner described in Part II below under "Scope of Grant."


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
----------------------

Free of charge Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty
of any kind, including without limitation the warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is borne
by you. Should the Software prove defective, you and not SciFace assume
the entire cost of any service and repair. This disclaimer of warranty 
constitutes anessential part of the agreement.

Even if parts of the disclaimer violates legal rights of some jurisdiction,
only these parts are invalid, but not the entire disclaimer.


PART II - Single-user License
-----------------------------

Subject to payment of applicable license fees, SciFace grants to you a
non-exclusive license to use the Software and accompanying documentation
("Documentation") in the manner described in Part III below under
"Scope of Grant."


LIMITED WARRANTY
----------------

SciFace warrants that for a period of twenty-four (24) month from the date 
of acquisition, the Software, if operated as directed, will substantially
achieve the functionality described in the Documentation. SciFace does
not warrant, however, that your use of the Software will be uninterrupted
or that the operation of the Software will be error-free. SciFace also
warrants that the media containing the Software, if provided by SciFace,
is free from defects in material and workmanship and will so remain for
twenty-four (24) month from the date you acquired the Software. SciFace's 
sole liability
    for any breach of this warranty shall be:
(a) to replace your defective media; or
(b) to advise you how to achieve substantially the same functionality
    with the Software as described in the Documentation;
    or
(c) if the above remedies are impracticable, to refund the license fee you
    paid for the Software.

Repaired, corrected, or replaced Software and Documentation shall be 
covered by this limited warranty for the period remaining under the
warranty that covered the original Software, or if longer, for 
thirty (30) days after the date

(a) of shipment to you of the repaired or replaced Software, or
(b) SciFace advised you how to operate the Software so as to achieve the
    functionality described in the Documentation.

Only if you inform SciFace of your problem with the Software during the
applicable warranty period and provide evidence of the date you purchased
a license to the Software will SciFace be obligated to honor this 
warranty. SciFace will use reasonable commercial efforts to repair, 
replace, advise or, for individual consumers, refund pursuant to the
foregoing warranty within 30 days of being so notified.

This is the only warranty made by SciFace. SciFace makes no other express
warranty and no warranty of noninfrigment of third parties' rights. The
duration of implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties
of merchantability and of fitness for a particular purpose, is limited to
the above limited warranty period.

Even if parts of the limited warranty violates legal rights of some
jurisdiction, only these parts are invalid, but not the entire warranty.

If any modifications are made to the Software by you during the warranty
period; if the media is subjected to accident, abuse, or improper use; or 
if you violate the terms of this Agreement, then this warranty shall 
immediately be terminated. This warranty shall not apply if the Software
is used on or in conjunction with hardware or software other than the 
unmodified version of hardware and software with which the software was 
designed to be used as described in the Documentation.


PART III
--------

SCOPE OF GRANT
--------------

You may:

* use the Software on any single computer;
* use the Software on a network, provided that each person accessing the
  Software through the network, directly or indirectly  (e.g., via a web 
  interface), must have a license;
* use the Software on a second computer as long as only one copy is used
  at a time;
* copy the Software for archival purposes, provided any copy must contain
  all of the original Software's proprietary notices.
  
You may not:

* permit other individuals to use the Software except under the terms 
  listed above;
* permit concurrent use of the Software;
* install the software on a network, e.g. on a public server, if the 
  Software can be accessed by persons not having a license;
* modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create
  derivative works based on the Software;
* copy the Software other than as specified above;
* rent, lease or otherwise transfer rights to the Software; or
* remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software.


TITLE
-----

Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Software
shall remain in SciFace and/or its suppliers. The Software is protected
by the copyright laws and treaties. Title and related rights in the 
content accessed through the Software is the property of the applicable
content owner and may be protected by applicable law. This License gives
you no rights to such content.

TERMINATION
-----------

The license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with 
the limitations described herein. On termination, you must destroy all
copies of the Software and Documentation.



2. MUPAD FOR UNIX
   END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
   FOR MEMBERS OF NON-PROFIT EDUCATIONAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTIONS
   -----------------------------------------------------------------

If you have any questions concerning the license to the accompanying
software (the "Software") or if you wish to purchase a license, please
contact SciFace Software GmbH & Co.KG ("SciFace") at Technologiepark 11,
D-33100 Paderborn,Germany or send an email to info@sciface.com or use the
online service www.sciface.com. SciFace grants you a non-exclusive
single-user license to use the Software free of charge if you are a
student, faculty member or staff member of an educational institution
(junior college or college), a staff member of a non-profit research
institution, or an employee of an organization which meets SciFace's 
criteria for a charitable non-profit organization. Government agencies
are not considered educational or charitable non-profit organizations
for purposes of this Agreement.

If you fit within the description above, you may use the Software in the
manner described in "Scope of Grant." 

If you don't fit within the description above, you can use this version
of MuPAD free of charge if your use of the Software is for the purpose of
evaluating the Software. The evaluation period is limited to 30 days.
Please read the file License.txt.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
----------------------

Free of charge Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty
of any kind, including without limitation the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is
borne by you. Should the Software prove defective, you and not SciFace
assume the entire cost of any service and repair. This disclaimer of
warranty constitutes anessential part of the agreement.

Even if parts of the disclaimer violates legal rights of some jurisdiction,
only these parts are invalid, but not the entire disclaimer.


SCOPE OF GRANT
--------------

Usage of the software is restricted to non-profit educational purposes and
non-profit research.

You may:
* use the Software on any single computer;
* use the Software on a network, provided that each person accessing the
  Software through the network must have a license;
* use the Software on a second computer as long as only one copy is used
  at a time;
* copy the Software for archival purposes, provided any copy must contain
  all of the original Software's proprietary notices.
 
 
You may not:
* permit other individuals to use the Software except under the terms 
  listed above;
* permit concurrent use of the Software;
* modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create 
  derivative works based on the Software;
* copy the Software other than as specified above;
* rent, lease, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer rights
  to the Software; or
* remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software.


TITLE
-----

Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Software
shall remain in SciFace and/or its suppliers. The Software is protected by
the copyright laws and treaties. Title and related rights in the content
accessed through the Software is the property of the applicable content
owner and may be protected by applicable law. This License gives you no
rights to such content.


TERMINATION
-----------

The license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the
limitations described herein. On termination, you must destroy all copie
of the Software and Documentation.




How to contact MuPAD
--------------------

The easiest way to contact MuPAD is via the World Wide Web. Just visit
our home page

http://www.mupad.de 
http://www.sciface.com

There you will find licensing information and any kind of supporting
information. You may also send bug reports or comments and questions
via a Web interface at our site.

You may also contact us via e-mail

distribution@sciface.com        ordering information
bugs@sciface.com                bug reports
info@scifacec.com               general information, comments and
                                questions
