ENTHUSIAST AND EDUCATION LICENSE TERMS

Software Program: Professional Linux Developer's Software Program Version 2.0

1. GRANT

Compaq Computer Corporation ("COMPAQ") grants you a limited right to use the 
Software Program Version (the "Software") specified. The Software may be used 
solely for your individual and personal "enthusiast" purposes or personal education 
and study. It may not be used for any commercial, business or institutional purpose, 
whether "for profit" or "not for profit." Any work performed or produced as a result 
of use of this Software cannot be performed or produced for the benefit of other 
parties for a fee, compensation or any other reimbursement or remuneration.

This license is granted to a named individual and not to any public, private or 
governmental institution or entity. Your initial and ongoing eligibility for this 
license is subject to review by COMPAQ and COMPAQ may terminate this license at any 
time upon thirty days written notice. You may copy the Software into the local memory 
or storage device of computers that are used by yourself. You may make an archival 
or back-up copy of the Software.

However, the Software may be copied and used on multiple computers that are under 
your control in a classroom environment, including use by multiple students who 
have agreed to these License Terms solely for instructional purposes.

You may copy and distribute royalty-free the runtime Library of the Software provided 
that you a) only distribute the runtime Library with your application, b) include 
the appropriate copyright notice on each copy of your application, c) do not use 
the logo or trademarks of COMPAQ to market your application, and d) agree to 
defend and indemnify COMPAQ from and against any claims or lawsuits that arise or 
result from the use or distribution of your application. The runtime Library is 
that portion of the Software which is identified in the documentation accompanying 
the Software as required during the execution of your application.

This license and associated development software may not be transferred to another 
party.

2. COPYRIGHT

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international treaties. Your use of 
the Software and associated documentation is subject to the applicable copyright laws 
and the express rights and restrictions of this License Agreement.

3. RESTRICTIONS

You may not rent, lease, or otherwise transfer the Software except as expressly 
authorized in this License Agreement. You may not make the Software available over 
the Internet or similar networking technology. You may not modify or make inoperable 
the license key or license management software, if provided. You may not remove any 
copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices from the Software or the media. 
You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to 
the extent COMPAQ cannot prohibit such acts by law.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

The products and product information furnished hereunder are furnished "AS IS" 
without warranty, service or support of any kind. You assume all risks as to the 
quality or performance of the products and responsibility for any costs associated 
with the service or support of the products. COMPAQ disclaims all implied warranties 
including, without limitation, all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event will COMPAQ be liable for any damages whatsoever, including loss of data or 
use, lost profits, or any incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in 
connection with this agreement or the use or performance of the products, whether in an 
action of contract or tort including negligence.

GENERAL

You are responsible for compliance with all applicable export or re-export control laws 
and regulations if you export the Software. This Agreement is governed by and is to be 
construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact your local COMPAQ 
sales office or write to: Compaq Computer Corporation, Software Business Practices, 
ZKO1-2/D22, 110 Spit Brook Road, Nashua, NH. 03062-2698.

