(for up-to-date price schemes see http://www.fmod.org/lfmodlicense.html)

Free
- Yes that's right, if your product is not intended to make any money, and is not 
  charged for in any way, then you may use FMOD in it for FREE! 
- Many people use it for free until their commercial product is about to be 
  published. This is a great way to evaluate FMOD and see if it suits your needs 
  without any obligations. 
- If you want to use it in a commercial product, then please see below. 


Win32/Linux/Mac/PocketPC Commercial Agreement

- FMOD's Win32/Linux/Mac/WinCE pricing scheme is set up on a one-product, or 
  one-site (unlimited use) or multi site basis. 

	Pricing for 1 platform
	(windows, pocketpc or Macintosh.  Linux support is included free)
	1. One shareware title for individuals/hobbyists. $100 
	2. Multiple shareware titles for individuals/hobbyists $250 
	2. One product $1,250 
	3. One site / unlimited products  $3,200 
	4. Engine resale Contact Sales 

1. One shareware title for individuals/hobbyists: $100.00 US.  'Shareware' FMOD 
licenses must be approved on a case by case basis to verify that they qualify for 
budget or shareware status.    The licensee must be an individual/hobbyist and 
not a registered business or company with more than 1 employee or director.  A 
shareware license is available for 1 shareware / budget title only.  No source 
code is provided with this license.  To order online you can pay here.

2. Multiple shareware titles for individuals/hobbyists : $250.00 US.  The same as 
above with a license to produce multiple shareware products using shareware FMOD.  
No source code is provided with this license.  To order online you can pay here.

3. ONE Product : $1,250.00 US.  This allows a single company to use FMOD for *1* 
product only.  To use it in more products more single product licenses are 
required, or a Site license may be more economical in the long run.

4. ONE Site / Multiple products : $3,200.00 US.  This license allows a single 
company or business to use FMOD in as many products as they want. 

5. Engine resale.  Contact Firelight Technologies for more details. 

- For more than one platform, the prices are scalars of the above table.  Use the 
  table below to determine your requirements. 

	Pricing for multiple PC platforms.
	1. One platform - Win32 OR WinCE OR Mac. See above, no change 
	2. Two platforms - Win32 AND Mac, OR Win32 AND WinCE, OR Mac AND WinCE Multiply by 1.5 
	3. Three platforms - Win32 AND WinCE AND Mac. Multiply by 2 

Console commercial agreement

- The following table describes the sale structure for console versions of FMOD 
  (Xbox, GameCube and PS2).   It is based on per product, or per site, and is 
  separate to the above licensing structure for PC and PocketPC
	1. One console.  1 Product. $4,000 
	2. Two consoles.  1 Product. $6,000 
	2. Three consoles.  1 Product. $8,000 
	3. One console.  1 Site / Unlimited products $10,000 
	4. Two consoles. 1 Site / Unlimited products. $15,000 
	4. Three consoles. 1 Site / Unlimited products. $20,000 
	5. Engine resale Contact sales 

1. One console, 1 Product : $4,000.00 US.  This allows a single company to use FMOD 
for *1* product only for ONE console only.  To use it in more products or more 
consoles site license or multi console license may be more economical in the long 
run.

2. More than one console.  1 Product. Add $2000 for each platform.  This allows a 
single company to use FMOD for *1* product on multiple consoles.   The price is 
discounted after the first console by 50%!.  For example 2 consoles for one 
product = $6,000 or 3 consoles = $8,000.

3. One console.  1 Site / Unlimited products. $10,000.  This license allows a single 
company or business to use FMOD in as many products as they want, but for ONE 
console only.

4. More than one console . 1 Site / Unlimited products. Add $5000 for each platform.  
This license allows a single company or business to use FMOD in as many products 
as they want, and multiple consoles.

5. Engine resale.  Contact Firelight Technologies for more details.

Other license features

- All options include FREE full personal support by the actual author of the 
  product. Many people are amazed at the personal level of attention they get, 
  either by phone, email or even personal visit (if applicable).. MANY new 
  features have been included in a very short turnaround just because someone 
  asked for it.
- FMOD is actively developed with exciting new features on the drawing board all 
  the time.
- NO ROYALTIES are required. 
- Full source code is included with a commercial licenses. (except for shareware 
  licenses).
- Free upgrades to source code and new versions are provided each time a new 
  version of FMOD comes out.
- FMOD is extremely cheap for the performance, power and flexibility of the 
  system, compared to other systems.  You wont find audio middleware with so 
  many features and cross platform support.
- FMOD is already being used, tried and tested in commercial game environments.  
  It has been getting rave reviews from users and programmers alike! The ease of 
  use of an extremely flexible API with unbelievable performance makes it the 
  only choice for your in game audio!
- FMOD is downloaded about 10,000 times a month by developers.  These developers 
  then distribute their products to end users.  You cant get much better testing 
  than that!
- Have the advantage of actually being able to download the FULL version freely 
  for your own inspection and evaluation, without being locked into any 
  contracts. See the contact section to email Firelight Technologies to arrange 
  for further information.
- Note that FMOD does not include a free license to distribute MP3 in your 
  product.  In an agreement with Thompson Multimedia, FMOD is allowed to 
  distribute the mp3 decoder as long as the end user has made the necessary 
  royalty payment to Thompson.  More information is at 
  http://www.mp3licensing.com.  There is now a 'game license' which only costs 
  $2500 per title.  Note that FMOD supports ogg vorbis and wma which are valid 
  alternatives to mp3. (and better quality)

To ask about or proceed with licensing FMOD, write to sales@fmod.org and get a
quick response!
