                       LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Sangoma Technologies Inc. provides the computer software program contained on
the medium in this package (hereinafter called the Program) and licenses its
use.

THE LICENSEE SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE
ATTEMPTING TO USE THIS PRODUCT. INSERTION OF ANY OF THE DISKETTES IN THIS
PACKAGE INTO ANY MACHINE INDICATES THE LICENSEE'S ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.  IF THE LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS,
THE LICENSEE SHOULD PROMPTLY RETURN THE PACKAGE WITHIN 15 DAYS UNUSED AND
UNCOPIED IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM, AND MONIES WILL BE REFUNDED.

0.2  LICENSE:

a.   The purchaser of this license (hereinafter called the Licensee) is
     granted a personal, non-exclusive license to use the Program in
     accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.

b.   The Program may be used only on a single computer per license granted. 

c.   The Licensee and the Licensee's agents and employees shall protect the
     confidentiality of the Program and shall not distribute or make available
     the Program or documentation to any third party.

d.   The Licensee may copy the programs into machine readable or printed form
     for backup or modification purposes only in support of the Licensee's use
     on a single machine. The Licensee must reproduce and include the
     copyright notice on any copy, modification or portion merged into another
     program.

e.   Any portion of the Program merged into or used in conjunction with
     another program will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions
     of this agreement.

f.   The Licensee may not assign or transfer the license or the program to any
     third party without the express prior consent of Sangoma Technologies
     Inc.

g.   The licensee acknowledges that this license is only a limited license to
     use the Program and documentation, and that Sangoma Technologies Inc.
     retains full title to the program and documentation.

h.   The Licensee shall not use, copy, modify or transfer the Program or
     documentation or any copy, modification or merged portion, in whole or in
     part, except as expressly provided for in this license. If the Licensee
     transfers possession of any copy, modification or merged portion of the
     program to a third party, the license is automatically terminated under
     this agreement.

0.3  TERM:

The license is effective until terminated. The licensee may terminate the
license at any time by destroying the Program together with all copies,
modifications and merged portion in any form. The Licensee agrees upon such
termination to destroy the Program together with all copies, modifications and
merged portion in any form.
  
0.4  LIMITED WARRANTY:

The Program is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed
or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to
the performance of the Program is with the Licensee. Should the Program prove
defective, the Licensee (and not Sangoma Technologies Inc. or an authorized
dealer) shall assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, or
correction. However, Sangoma Technologies Inc. warrants the diskettes on which
the Program is furnished will be free of defects in materials or workmanship
under normal use for a period of 90 days from the date of delivery to the
Licensee. In no event will Sangoma Technologies Inc. be liable for any
damages, including incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use
or inability to use the Program, even if Sangoma Technologies Inc. or an
authorized dealer have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or for
any claim by any other party.

The Licensee acknowledges that the Licensee has read this agreement,
understands it, and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions. The
Licensee further agrees that it is the complete and exclusive statement of the
agreement between the parties and supersedes any proposal or prior agreement,
oral or written, and any other communications between the parties relating to
the subject matter of this agreement.
